Next method under test is the delete interests that takes a interest ID and deletes it from the
database using interest repo dot dlete by the ID method.
So we need to mock this interest repo dot delete by the ID method, which is the void method, and
our method is also void it doesn't return anything.
Go to the test at the end of it.
Lets's add a new test method right there.
Void test delete interest is the method mark it with @ test annotation invoke controller dot delete
interest pass in 1-2-3.
For this to work, we need to mock use when when interest repository  dot delete by id
is invoked with id
One two three.
Then we need to return, but in this case, it is a void method, so we'll be using get rid of that
line, do nothing.
We don't want to do anything.
dot when.
Interest repository Dot Delete by id is invoked this is one easy way to mock void methods semicolon at the
end, so do nothing when interest repo within brackets outside the brackets delete by id take out
the additional bracket at the end
so that syntax again do nothing
Invocation dot when interest repo goes in to the brackets.
Dot delete.
By ID . Pass in the ID one two three, that is the mocked call.
And then we can simply verify if the interest repository outside  the brackets dot delete by ID
is really getting invoked when we call control dot delete intercept is invoked.
That means the functionality whatever we are expecting is done.
When we are invoking this delete interest method, it should invoke interest repo dot delete by ID. and
our test is good enough.
Right click run as Junit test.
That will run all the tests real quick.
There we go.
Everything is green and happy, all the four tests have passed successfully.